[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Yo mama.
-Yo mama's so fat that she
needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
-Yo mama's so fat, when
she dies in Call of Duty
the player gets a five
person kill streak.
-Care package ready
for direction.
Show us where you want it.
-Yo mama's so fat, when she sat
on the iPod, she made the iPad.
-Yo mama's so fat, every
time she turns around
it's her birthday.
So just stand behind
her, you don't
have to give her any presents.
-I'm a frickin' genius!
-Yo mama's so fat, last time
she saw 90210 was on a scale.
The original cast members
now live in her pants.
-Yo mama's so fat, she occupies
Wall Street all by herself.
-The stock market is crashing!
-Yo mama's so fat, she had
to be baptized at Sea World.
What I'm trying to
say is your mother's
a whale-- whale of
a good time, yeah!
-Yo mama's so fat, she's
a map on Call of Duty.
[COMBAT FIRE]
-Yo mama's so fat,
Dracula sucked her blood.
He got diabetes!
-One, two, type 2 diabetes.
Ha ha ha-- wait,
that's not funny.
-Yo mama's so fat, she's on
both sides of the family.
And the reunions take
place on her ass.
-Yo mama's so fat,
she wears two watches.
One for each time zone she's in.
She's now a national landmark.
Congratulations.
-Yo mama's so fat, she
doesn't need internet.
She's already worldwide.
That's a huge bench.
-Yo mama's so fat, this
sorting hat assigned her
to the House-- of Pancakes.
-Yo mama's so fat, when
she made a PS3 account,
the entire network crashed.
[DISHES BREAKING]
-Come on!
I just want to play
some Battlefield 3!
-Yo mama's so fat, when she
climbed into a monster truck,
it became a low rider.
-Yo dog, we heard how
much you like donuts,
so we put a donut
inside of your donut.
show
-Yo mama's so fat, when
she asked for a water bed,
they put a blanket over
the Atlantic Ocean.
Who makes blankets that big?
This joke is
totally unrealistic.
-Yo mama's so fat, I took a
picture of her last Christmas,
and it's still printing.
I'm gonna owe Kinko's
like $1 million.
-Yo mama's so fat,
when she died she
broke the stairway to heaven.
[COLLAPSING STAIRS]
[CRASH]
-A lot of paperwork, thanks
to your fat, dead mom.
[MUSIC PLAYING]